(Some members are dancing at the corner)
(Two from O.E.C, other two from yyxy)
(After dancing is over, JinSoul showing her bright beauty in front of the camera)
(And HaSeul showing her new hairstyle in front of people)
(And HyunJin showing her english skill in front of LOOΠΔ TV camera!)
(LOOΠΔ are practicing dance moves whenever they have time)
(Here comes a disturber!)
HyunJin: Dance battle!
(HeeJin VS HyunJin!! It's the fight of the century!)
(HeeJin wins!)
HyunJin: Look, her dancing is too much!
Olivia Hye: Wow~ we're having a photo shoot in a very warm place, right?
(As you know, they're experienced with Iceland)
Go Won: I think It's better to be warm than cold...
Olivia Hye: I think so
Go Won: It's very hard to do in the cold weather...
Olivia Hye: I hate the cold more